Ruby: IncompleteHostnameRegExp.ql (#7917)
github/codeql: ruby/ql/src/change-notes/2022-02-10-incomplete-hostname-regexp.md

---
category: newQuery
---

> lgtm,codescanning

Reviewer: Remove

> * Added a new query, `rb/incomplete-hostname-regexp`. The query finds instances where a hostname is incompletely sanitized due to enescaped character in a regular expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a new query, `rb/incomplete-hostname-regexp`. The query finds instances where a hostname is incompletely sanitized due to an unescaped character in a regular expression.
```
